﻿﻿#Documentation for os.walk####Link to full documentation:(https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html)```Pythonos.walk(top, topdown=True, onerror=None, followlinks=False)```#####Description---Generate the file names in a directory tree by walking the tree either top-down or bottom-up. For each directory in the tree rooted at directory top (including top itself), it yields a 3-tuple (dirpath, dirnames, filenames).#####Variables---dirpath : type = string (path to directory)dirnames : list (names of subdirectories in dirpath, excluding '.' and '..')filenames : list of names of the non-directory files in dirpath. ######Note that names in lists contain no path components. To get full path (which begins with top) to a file or directory in dirpath, do:```Pythonos.path.join(dirpath, name)```#####Link to documentation on os.path() module (related to Categories.py):(https://github.com/FrancoisNadeau/ImageTask/blob/docBranch/os_path_doc.md)#####Link to full documentation on os.path():(https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.path.html)If optional argument topdown is True or not specified, the triple for a directory is generated before the triples for any of its subdirectories (directories are generated top-down). If topdown is False, the triple for a directory is generated after the triples for all of its subdirectories (directories are generated bottom-up). No matter the value of topdown, the list of subdirectories is retrieved before the tuples for the directory and its subdirectories are generated.When topdown is True, the caller can modify the dirnames list in-place (perhaps using del or slice assignment), and walk() will only recurse into the subdirectories whose names remain in dirnames; this can be used to prune the search, impose a specific order of visiting, or even to inform walk() about directories the caller creates or renames before it resumes walk() again. Modifying dirnames when topdown is False has no effect on the behavior of the walk, because in bottom-up mode the directories in dirnames are generated before dirpath itself is generated.By default, errors from the scandir() call are ignored. If optional argument onerror is specified, it should be a function; it will be called with one argument, an OSError instance. It can report the error to continue with the walk, or raise the exception to abort the walk. Note that the filename is available as the filename attribute of the exception object.By default, walk() will not walk down into symbolic links that resolve to directories. Set followlinks to True to visit directories pointed to by symlinks, on systems that support them.###Note: Be aware that setting followlinks to True can lead to infinite recursion if a link points to a parent directory of itself. walk() does not keep track of the directories it visited already.Note If you pass a relative pathname, don’t change the current working directory between resumptions of walk(). walk() never changes the current directory, and assumes that its caller doesn’t either.This example ###Example1####Displays the number of bytes taken by non-directory files in each directory under the starting directory, except that it doesn’t look under any CVS subdirectory:---```Pythonimport osfrom os.path import join, getsizefor root, dirs, files in os.walk('python/Lib/email'):    print(root, "consumes", end=" ")    print(sum(getsize(join(root, name)) for name in files), end=" ")    print("bytes in", len(files), "non-directory files")    if 'CVS' in dirs:        dirs.remove('CVS')  # don't visit CVS directories```###Example2####Simple implementation of shutil.rmtree()), walking the tree bottom-up is essential, rmdir() doesn’t allow deleting a directory before the directory is empty:---```Python# Delete everything reachable from the directory named in "top",# assuming there are no symbolic links.# CAUTION:  This is dangerous!  For example, if top == '/', it# could delete all your disk files.import osfor root, dirs, files in os.walk(top, topdown=False):    for name in files:        os.remove(os.path.join(root, name))    for name in dirs:        os.rmdir(os.path.join(root, name))```Changed in version 3.5: This function now calls os.scandir() instead of os.listdir(), making it faster by reducing the number of calls to os.stat().Changed in version 3.6: Accepts a path-like object.